Blogging Considered Harmful
Published on April 06, 2008.
Via Venture Beat (who knew?), the New York Times thinks that blogging could be hazardous to your health :
Two weeks ago in North Lauderdale, Fla., funeral services were held for Russell Shaw, a prolific blogger on technology subjects who died at 60 of a heart attack.
In December, another tech blogger, Marc Orchant, died at 50 of a massive coronary.
A third, Om Malik, 41, survived a heart attack in December.
Other bloggers complain of weight loss or gain, sleep disorders, exhaustion and other maladies born of the nonstop strain of producing for a news and information cycle that is as always-on as the Internet.
I heard about Om Malik, but I didn’t know two other blogger dudes died of heart attacks.
I guess I can imagine how this happens though.
When I was starting my Anime Blog I wanted it to be successful, so I did spend quite a bit of time thinking about how to get to that point.
After a while though, I just figured that blogging should be for fun, not dollars (even though my blogs actually do make some $$$).
The article mentioned bloggers either gaining or losing weight due to blogging.
I wonder if there’s a blogging diet!
If anything, I think blogging has had an opposite effect on me…
Of course, obsession to anything can be dangerous.
Guys in Korea die of playing WoW all the time!
Workaholics die from “ Karoshi ,” yes, Japan actually has a word from death by overwork!
Me? I try not to stress out too much.
In fact, I am writing this blog just so I can procrastinate doing homework for one of three things that are due in the next three days!
Also, Om Malik sounds like the name of some Sith Lord, doesn’t it?